antiquotation -> string interpolation (#7278)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/language/values.md

  respectively.

  You can include the result of an expression into a string by
  enclosing it in `${...}`, a feature known as *string interpolation*.

>   Such a string with placeholders is an *interpolated string*, and a

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't use "placeholders", because that sounds like Python/Rust/SQL placeholders (e.g. `{}`` or `format!("foo {}", x)`). Nix doesn't have placeholders in that sense.

Author: ```suggestion
  Such a string is an *interpolated string*, and a
```

>   a placeholder is an *interpolation part*.

Author: @Ericson2314 suggests
```suggestion
  a placeholder is an *interpolation point*.
```

  environment variable `NIX_PATH` will be searched for the given file
  or directory name.

>   When an [interpolated string][string interpolation] evaluates to a path, the path is first copied into the Nix store and the resulting string is the [store path] of the newly crea
> ted [store object].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When an [interpolated string][string interpolation] evaluates to a path, the path is first copied into the Nix store and the resulting string is the [store path] of the newly created [store object].
```

  [store path]: ../glossary.md#gloss-store-path
  [store object]: ../glossary.md#gloss-store-object

  For instance, evaluating `"${./foo.txt}"` will cause `foo.txt` in the current directory to be copied into the Nix store and result in the string `"/nix/store/<hash>-foo.txt"`.

  Note that the Nix language assumes that all input files will remain _unchanged_ while  evaluating a Nix expression.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  For example, assume you used a file path in an interpolated string during a `nix repl` session.

>   Later in the same session, after having changed the file contents, evaluating the interpolated string with the file path again will still return the first store path.
>   Nix will _not_ re-read the file contents to produce a different store path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Later in the same session, after having changed the file contents, evaluating the interpolated string with the file path again might not return a new store path, since Nix might not re-read the file contents.
```

We shouldn't say that this caching is guaranteed behaviour.

{ "foo ${bar}" = 123; "nix-1.0" = 456; }."foo ${bar}"
```

> This will evaluate to `123` (Assuming `bar` can be coerced to a string). In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will evaluate to `123` (assuming `bar` can be coerced to a string). In the
```
